BUG: parse_dates may have columns not in dataframe (#32320)
pandas-dev/pandas: doc/source/whatsnew/v1.1.0.rst

  ``coerce_timestamps``; following pyarrow's default allows writing nanosecond
  timestamps with ``version="2.0"`` (:issue:`31652`).
- Bug in :class:`HDFStore` that caused it to set to ``int64`` the dtype of a ``datetime64`` column when reading a DataFrame in Python 3 from fixed format written in Python 2 (:issue:`31750`)

> - `read_csv` will raise a ``ValueError`` when the columns passed in `parse_dates` is missing in the dataframe. (:issue:`31251`)

Reviewer: Use these instead:
```
:meth:`read_csv`
```
```
``parse_dates``
```

> - `read_csv` will raise a ``ValueError`` when the columns passed in `parse_dates` is missing in the dataframe. (:issue:`31251`)

Reviewer 2: "is missing" -> "are missing"?  no period at end of the sentence

> - `read_csv` will raise a ``ValueError`` when the columns passed in `parse_dates` are missing in the dataframe (:issue:`31251`)

Reviewer 3: can you use a reference for read_csv, e.g. ```:func:`read_csv` ```

Author: done!

> - :func:`read_csv` will raise a ``ValueError`` when the columns passed in `parse_dates` are missing in the dataframe (:issue:`31251`)

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
- :func:`read_csv` will raise a ``ValueError`` when the columns passed in `parse_dates` are missing in the Dataframe (:issue:`31251`)
```

> - :func:`read_csv` will raise a ``ValueError`` when the columns passed in `parse_dates` are missing in the dataframe (:issue:`31251`)

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
- :func:`read_csv` will raise a ``ValueError`` when the column names passed in `parse_dates` are missing in the Dataframe (:issue:`31251`)
```
